# Mercury-Framework
A repository for lightweight, reusable software building blocks and some experimental code.

## Overview & Motivations

Quite simply, the Mercury Framework exists as a kind of repository for various reusable software components that I have developed over years of programming in .NET.  Some of these components are generic versions of things that I have developed multiple times and wish not to code once more.  Others are lightweight implementations of things that I find useful but often overly-engineered in other solutions.  Still, some components I've just thrown together to experiment with different ideas.  While I strive towards a high degree of quality, some of these solutions will vary in terms of engineering and utility.  In many cases, it may be more helpful to use these ideas as a starting point or a template for more specific development scenarios.  Some of these, like the Mercury.Logging projects are more broadly useful.  The purpose of this framework is not to be a comprehensive set of all common utilities that you might need when developing in .NET.  In fact, frameworks that strive for it will inevitably fail.  The true power of the Mercury Framework is that it is not really a framework at all: it is a collection of reusable ideas.  Some of these you will use as direct replacements for common requirements or alternative solutions.  In other instances, you will find it more productive to use some of the solutions as a template or inspiration for your own.
